# February 5, 2015 
Linda and Ashley have been working on updating documentation:
* Need to focus on user facing documentation
* Just updating so people are aware the the project is still active
* Will share their working document with the Google group and invite comments
* Need to look at the vocabulary of the full TAPAS project because there are term inconsistencies. For example "project" is used to mean many things.
* Who is the audience for this documentation?
  * For users the documentation should be "pure"
  * When you get to the next layer, then be sure to define or explain the mappings between redundant terms or vocabulary complexity
## Documentation GitHub
* devdocs
* dhprojinfo - change to public_docs?
  * For other projects to know how we did it so they can learn how to do the same  thing
 * Could link to this section from the website
 * Could use some of this page to generate pages for the website
 * Include folder for substantive public facing documents, like conference papers, reports, etc
* meeting_notes
* tei_upload_and_management (different audience: technical collaborators, etc)

## Other additions:
* Use issues to note documentation that needs to be created/added
* Use pull requests/issue tracking for suggestions (could be useful for Ben's user generated requests workflows)
* Could include guidelines for how to contribute as part of the documentation
* Tag issues according to how difficult the issues
* Include a bibliography of links/resources for the meeting notes in the Read Me of the Meeting Notes folder

## Work Updates:
Linda
* Working on documentation
* Setting up VM to work with Drupal
* Security update to Drupal
* Cleaning up - there about 400 modules installed that can be sifted through, some can be removed
* Look at the modules that we are using and make sure they are up to date, being used efficiently
* "Unhack" modules so they work more cleanly

Ashley
* Needs eXist to start talking with Drupal before she can move forward with the xquery
* Will take ownership of the TFC work from Will so Linda/Will can start working with the TFC in Drupal
* Rest XQ to serialize the results into JSON
 * Incomplete in the eXist implementation - will need to update eXist again when xQuery releases its newest version
 * Sends XQ request to RESTXQ within eXist - RXQ lets you do XQ things in an environment where REST is the mode of communication. Will format the result in the format that Drupal expects to get, which is JSON

## Future meetings
* Writing session for documentation
