# January 8, 2015
Ashely:

Exist doesn't handle file metadata well
Private and public information will be handled (unique identifiers, collection, user created) will be handled by the TPC. Exist will get the TPC, not the original file.
TPC will need to be updated to include all of that information. Create the TFC as part of the core file creation, not as part of the upload process (it's currently step number two).
Is the metadata from step two actually written to the TPC?

Moving files between projects. Investigate how "organic groups" handles relationships ("organic groups" is a Drupal module).

Security updates? Has Nathan been charged with this?

Need to have an a way to communicate with all TAPAS users (Drupal interface? Listserv)

Documentation - Ben and team currently use a Google site: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xC3pOWedlL3UnwtFnUakATNdwVSexPqb5dYDI7Xp-fA/edit?usp=sharing 

Linda Moss

Tasks:

* Revisions/editing for TEI
* Can only view the old version of the file, get the file. Can't revert the file. Just tracking all the copies that have existed. Titles are updated to include the revision date (also, "revision" is spelled wrong).
* Field data needs to gets written to the TFC
* Code audit of Drupal modules
 * "There may be a large part of the code base that doesn't do anything."
* Cosmetic tweaks
* Reimplement everything Elliot did to core

Orientation:

* Sketch out all the TAPAS components (Syd is necessary for this)
* Coordinate with Nathan and Elliot about their work? Including updating Drupal versions (7.3.1 or 7.3.2?)
* Access to TAPAS/TEI membership
* Get a dev environment
* Create accounts for her/get admin status
* Julia needs to meet with Unsworth to talk about the functional relationship between TAPAS and TEI membership (Ben)
* SSH access - Karl
* GitHub permissions (Will - add Ben, too)
* Mailing lists (Karl, Syd)
* Developer list for error reports?
* TAPAS orientation for everyone (GitHub, wiki, etc)