#March 19, 2015 
* Linda has been working on the new Drupal interface
  * Starting over and recreating functionality
* New GItHub repos
  * NEU-DSG-Archive, moved old stuff out of the way so they wouldn't need to be deleted
  * tapas-modules
* Dev environment for TAPAS-rails
  * What should it be pointing at?
  * Not connected to Hydra, rails will need to be reimplemented 
* eXist
  * Syd and Ashley will work on the TFC generation stuff
  * eXist is running as a separate service (live is at exist.lib.neu.edu)
* XSLT 2 in Drupal?
  * L: not too much more work than XSLT 1
  * W: Would need a PHP XML parser in Drupal
* Bookeeping
  * W: How to share passwords and URLs?
  * Need a TAPAS email group?
