# May 18, 2015 
Developer Meeting: Catching up with Will to prepare for his last few months working on the Hydra component
* Will will assert what the API is for accessing Hydra
* Will will need to know what is coming from TAPAS and what is coming from eXist
   * Hydra will only get files from Drupal (everything will be private)
     * MODS
       * For TEI
       * For associated files (-ography files, ODD files)
       * For collections and projects (title, description, names, etc) - Could store the MODS xml in Drupal, rather than generating it from Drupal information? No, produce it on the Hydra end?
     * TEI
     * Node ID
     * UUID
     * Zip file of images
     * Collections will get -ographies and ODD files
   * Auxiliary/Associated/Support files
     * Images and -ographies associated with TEI
     * Still needs to be established in Drupal?
     * -ographies will live at the collection level
     * Consult previous work on relationships: https://github.com/NEU-DSG/tapas-docs/blob/0267939daf78b371f02b21c27e61a47e233af6b8/meeting-notes/2014-12-11.md
   * What to use as a unique identifier?
     * Will include a key value as part of the API
Should we develop the Hydra eXist connection now?
* It may make more work in the future to do Hydra/eXist work now. 
* Will will document the eXist Hydra connection for the future Hydra developer.
* What is left for the Hydra development in the grant? - Ben will ask Julia and Patrick
