#July 23, 2015 
In this meeting we reviewed TAPAS requirements document:
* Questions
   * Display versions for author, contributor, and title will be added as a displayLabel attribute in the MODS record?
   * Rights and licensing?
   * Ographies will be at collection or project level?
* Will put the document up for editing, follow up for next Thursday
