# January 29, 2015
Agenda
* Weekly check in
* What are the things we need to check in on each week? Best way to use this meeting time?

## Featuring Drupal (**Eli and Linda**)
* Decided to implement Featuring content types
* fairly simple (hours or minutes)
* Then do menus and views, but they are a little bit more complicated (Features will rely on node ids, which will need to be the same in production and staging)

## Update Sync/Deployment Procedures (**Linda**)
* Almost every update requires database changes
* Do the update on VM, then make the back changes, run the update on the test server, deploy the GH changes, run the update on live, then pull the GH changes.
* Eli: Want to move to a more standard update process, but this is not the kind of process where we can have equal dBs in production and development - keeping them in sync would be a difficult task.
* Linda: Want to focus on security updates for now. Will apply hacks, but work towards avoiding hacks in the future.

## GitHub
* What are we missing in GH?
* What do we need in an issue tracker?
* Bug reporting
* Feature requests
* Linking issues
* Sub-issues (we want to do X, Y, Z, all part of the same issue)
  * Could also use the markdown to create checkboxes
* Assigning issues
* Set up custom workflows
* How to handle feature requests? More for a project management tool?
 * Ben will look into using Trello, Asana, or others to organize the project management aspect of TAPAS

## Google Group
How do we want to communicate?
* TAPAS Project Internal: Development team, and legacy members from the original TAPAS group
* The TAPAS Project (TEI Archiving, Publishing, and Access Service): Is for beta testers, an engaged community we can used to ask for testing, feedback, etc.

## Documentation:
* Documents in the Google site:
 * Meeting notes
 * General documentation
 * SWAG
 * Archeology: Project discussion - road map and vision documents (previous states of being)
 * Grant information (which should remain private)

Need to review what's public and private

Create a separate repository to store TAPAS documents (code repository and a documentation repository

Wiki:
* Needs a explanatory page, not just a directory of documents
* Organize by audience ("If you're a librarian, here's what you could use. If you're a developer, here's what you can use.")

## Servers
* Ideal scenario is to have a staging server
* Isn't impeding anyone's ability for the moment
* It may be necessary in 3-5 months
* Have Patrick start looking into it now?
* No cheep method 
* 3-5 months is when users/other project members can start looking at the Hydra work, also that when there will be heavy testing off the VMs

## Work Plans
* Good process for developing a useful work plan?
* Have our next meeting looking at the current work plan
* Julia will take the current work plan and update it based on what we've talked about
* Have Ben meet with groups/individuals to discuss the work