Linda working on code updates for Drupal before pushing to production. Also working on getting a vagrant environment setup.

It's best practice to keep your base box in one repo and then your box customizations in a separate vm. 

Linda is working on a new base box that has the same versions of the OS as the production box so everything is up to date. Hoping to get that up soon.

Catching Syd up:
Julia is planning a code-along to focus on ography features. This will involve some updates to the tapas-generic around how it handles ography links. Ideally have a better display for the ographies themselves (fixing tapas-generic to handle ographies, or a separate view package for ographies because TeiBP doesn't cut it). Make the popups more visible/highlighted but the ographies themselves can be browsed. These changes should make it enough for a code-along. We haven't thought about linking from view package to another. Ie. clicking on a personography item would bring you to that item in the personography. Probably easiest to keep things in the same view package for now. We need to include a URL that would include the URL to personography file itself and the anchor to that id. Need to think about this more.

Now that the data is in eXist - Syd wants to be able to do stuff with it with transform or xQuery. Since eXist maintains the current state (not deleted or multiple versions) so in theory this should be the data that he is looking for. So how do you get all the things? Ashley says log in to tapasdev, run java client for exist, login as user to exist db, then you can query. any xslt has to be copied on to the server and put it in exist so it can process it. Syd wants to download all of the files into a zip and then take that down to a local system to run with it. Ashley thinks this might be possible by wrapping up all of the collection up and then copy that file down locally. In theory we should be able to ask these things to exist directly but thats a little cumbersome right now with all the logging in stuff. Ashley thinks we could do a curl command from within tapasdev on a new API call on exist (passing in your user info) to get this zip back. Ashley will help Syd with this since there is some urgency from Ben to get info back from Syd.

Eli needs to talk with Ernesto + Ashley about getting IP restrictions set up on the new production box for solr, fedora, and exist Admin interfaces.

Ashley has been working on the color blocks view package. Changing things up and creating JSON of the hierarchy of an XML file then using D3 to generate the visualization. This is so reliant on D3's API - Ashley is worried about archival standpoint. How do you preserve an interactive experience? Is storing the version of D3 enough? D3 is using a tree map function that doesn't have a notion of sequence at this point. It also determines aspect ratio of boxes based on prettiness. Zoomability - whatever level is closest gets the sequence. Still working on that.
